The Joe Rogan experience.
Have you seen these bricks that people have been finding at all these different
sites where people are protesting? Uh-huh these organized stacks of bricks?
No. Yeah, man. Look, this is, I'm gonna send Jamie,
I'm gonna send you one that Eddie sent me that's who do you think is.
Putting that? That's.
The question, right? It's like, who is, who is putting that? Is it Antifa?
Is it the cops?
It's is it someone who wants someone to throw a brick so that they can impart
martial law? Like what is it? Yeah, I.
I, you know, my, my brain always goes to conspiratorial here.
It is mysterious. Brick piles appear throughout major protest cities. I mean,
these are, wow. These are bricks that are appearing.
That don't have a reason to be there. Jamie,
I'm gonna send you this video that, uh, Eddie sent me because this is a, uh,
airdro to you, buddy. God, man.
It's. The car too.
And the big car they said in, uh, long ditch yesterday,
they left a car out there. Yeah.
They lift a car who leaves a free car off for people or just take to a free
police car. Yeah. So they left an old police car out there.
And then on top of that, this, uh, this old, why is this not,
would you look at this? Okay. Jamie I'm air dropping it to you right now.
So this old police car, and then these three,
you have all these protestors and then these three people move in a very
organized fashion. And there's a, a guy who made a video about it.
Have you seen the video, Jamie, where the guy breaks down? Wow.
These the Antifa, have you seen that? I'll send you the video. This,
this is weird. What's that? I never saw this. Yeah. Okay.
Put it up on the screen too. I' I gotta figure out how to do it. I send photos.
Oh, I see. That's so crazy. So there's these, there it is.
So these random pallets of bricks, this is very organized.
This is on Ventura Boulevard out here in LA, or I think it's in north Hollywood.
So these pallets of bricks are just sitting there, like, look at this.
What? Yes.
They're just like, like riot supplies.
Exactly. Riot supplies and what exactly.
So who's doing this. This is very organized. I mean,
there's many stacks of these.
Bricks. It's very anti-Anarchist well, is it? Cause it's organized, but I mean,
why?
I mean, well, it's fuel for anarchy, right? Yeah. But.
I just, I wonder look, look at this. Or do you think, do you think, I mean,
here's another theory.
It could be possibly performance art <laugh> I mean, I mean,
and I'm, I'm not saying that like as a joke,
but like some performance artists like go to that length, but that's very,
very organized and very ominous and very weird. I mean,
I hope that those were reported and that the police like picked.
Them up. Well, one thing that is happening that's promising is that these, uh,
provocateurs yeah.
Are getting caught by actual of black lives matter protestors. Yes.
And grabbing them and these that are breaking windows and spray painting things
like they're grabbing these people and saying, Hey, you.
And they they're turning these people in. Like these people are smashing things.
Thank the Lords. But they're recognizing that this is damaging to this look.
There's a great moment in time right now where we can enact real change. Yeah.
Where you can, this is like you get this.
And it's really the perfect storm in terms of, uh, it's horrific nature.
You see this guy who's,
nonchantly got his knee on this man's neck for eight minutes.
Eight seconds. Just, just there's. No, there's, there's no justification.
It's very clear. Yes. It's horrific. There's no blurriness.
There's no gray area. Yep. It's just dirty. It's awful. It's evil.
And then the man dies and everybody is for the,
a fantastic reason mm-hmm <affirmative> of,
and they want change and they're marching through the streets.
But then when you see these bricks and then we see the chaos and there's,
they've caught cops, cops that people knew were cops wearing police,
office police, uh, police dis distributed gas masks,
like official gas masks. Like the ones that the cops use. Yeah. Yeah.
Like the same wardrobe that cops wear. Everything's black, all military issue.
Yeah. And then these people would chase them. Are you a cop?
Like this guy's breaking windows at target. And,
and then someone and the comics was like, I know who that is. That guy is a cop.
And they were, they were calling out the guy's name.
So this cop is going around, oh my all these peace for protestor going.
And he's smashing windows with a gas mask on fully dressed in military issue,
garb. And people are like, well, that's an agent pro provocateur,
but is he acting on his own? Yes. Is he a rogue cop? He's like,
is he like one of those crazy firefighters that lights buildings on fire so that
they can save him? Right. Is he inciting this? What, what is going on here? Uh.
It's a,
I think some people just wish they want it to turn into something. Oh yeah.
Massive. And they want it to be like a civil war. And,
and there's also like the, the whole race war thing that, you know,
you hear about in a white supremacist and stuff like that. Talk about, you know,
and there's, then there's like the right way.
The thing is like your mind can swim all kinds of like conspiratorial ways.
And it's probably, it's a mixture of all kinds of things, you know? Yeah.
It's definitely like, it's probably like, Hey, I'm gonna do this. Or like, Hey,
we should do that. Or someone kind of kids around and someone's listening,
you know, in the police police department or whatever. And they're like, yeah,
well, what if we were doing that? Whatever. And they hear that.
And they're like, I am gonna do that. Who knows? But that's some.
And I think that that's amazing that the, that,
that protestors who are seeing this are detaining these people. Yeah.
Because those people,
they're just not helping in any way. And.
I'm yeah. Here's a good one. See,
this is smashing things and this guy comes over and grabs him and body
slams him. <laugh> yeah.
And then everybody holds a guy to down they're screaming and yelling at him.
Yeah. And they, they hold this guy. Yeah. They passed him over the police too.
Yeah. These, these are Antifa. Yeah. Okay.
He is trying really hard to cover his face.
Yeah. It's like, no, no, no, no. Okay. you.
What is he hitting with a hammer? What was he hitting?
He was making bricks off the sidewalk. Oh.
Oh. And that's so, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Good. Um, it's my.
All gray hair. How old is that, dude? I don't know. It's very frail.
Shittyjudicial I mean, I think, look how easy they.
Took him down. There's definitely some anarchists that are like, you know,
they're basically, they're like, we're doing this. This is our time.
And you know, that there's like a whole wave of those people because I mean,
I remember going to, uh, brandonenburg Germany, uh,
a friend of mine out there has like a bunch of, uh,
kind of antiiffa slash a anarchiss, but like kind of mellow version,
German mellow version of that <laugh> um,
bought a bunch of land that was actually, uh, kinda like a weird shaky history,
but it was like go, uh, training camp for the Nazi youth at one point.
And then it was, uh, before that it was like a Polish, I don't know,
like air force, uh, place or something like that. Uh, anyways,
it has like this military weird shaky history,
but they bought it and they've converted it.
And now it's like very accepting of all people, like all kinds of people live.
And, uh, then they are people who work on the, uh,
what's it called the fusion festival,
which is one of the biggest festivals in the world in Germany.
That's in Brandenburg and it's an amazing festival. It's all just love-based,
uh, techno you know, but it's got that hard edge of like anti- corporate. Um,
it's all DIY, but it's massive. It's like 70,000 people. Um,
the festival it's like burning man in the woods. Hmm. Um,
and very interesting conversations that you hear from them. But do,
do you speak German? I don't, I don't, I mean a tiny bit ambition, but not, not,
not a lot. I actually was trying to learn German. I love the German language.
Do they speak English?
Yeah. They speak English when you're having these conversations.
Yes. Yeah. We're speaking in English. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember once,
cause I was renting an, uh, an Audi R eight V 10 plus. Ooh.
And I drove it onto the grounds when they were tearing down and this young
woman came up with this spray paint can and was like shaking the can and going,
like, what are you doing here with this kind of a vehicle?
And it was this weird tense standoff,
but I was with one of the people who's like one of the heavy.
Like she was gonna spray paint your car. Oh yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and what a bold lady. I know. And in a way, like,
I was like, you know what, if she would've done it, that's fine.
I was in her territory, you know? Um, that. You know? I mean, I mean, I'm,
I'm okay with like,
when it comes to like people who are that passionate about like anti for it and
stuff like that. I'm like, I get it. Yeah. But that's your property? I, no,
I mean, I'm renting, anticorporat I'm renting it. Yeah.
But she doesn't know that she doesn't know that, but that, but I did.
And I had a feeling she wasn't, but there, but inside my head, I was like,
what if she did? And I'd be like, well, I guess I'd just have to drive this,
this Audi with like this fascist anti fascist, whatever symbol on the,
on the side of the car, which I don't, you know, it's like, it's a funny thing.
Like no good ever comes out of that. That's the problem. No,
no good ever comes outta defacing property. There's no, no,
no compromise gets reached. No conversation gets.
Breached. No, no. And not, not when you're destroying,
not when you're destroying history and you're destroying, um,
it's just destruction again, as an initial response,
understandable. If something happens and people go out and they're young,
especially in this, in this climate, uh, you know, being cooped up, no jobs, uh,
what do you wanna do? Let let's rally behind this. This is ridiculous.
Whatever boom, initial, like, ah, who knows what's gonna happen in that chaos?
When everybody goes outside, I get that. The continuation of it. The,
as the standard behavior, that's, that's a problem that any leader,
any civil leader is going to, uh, condemn and,
and frowned upon because at the, at the end of the day,
I'm a pragmatist and it's just in efficient. It's just very inefficient.
And that's.
A funny way to look at it, inefficient.
It's like, how, how are you gonna use that energy?
Like harness the energy for real. If you want real change, you gotta, like,
you gotta figure, you have to strategize. And for me, I'm about hacking.
Like we gotta hack this system.
Yeah. But you're this guy who's like really into engineering.
You're very thoughtful. That's not what you're dealing with with these,
burn it to the ground.
These people don't have a plan B and they don't have a forward strategy.
They just wanna, we had to tear down capitalism, man. Yeah. Yeah.
And then what, how are you gonna get your food? You.
Where are you gonna get your shoes? Who's making your shoes.
Where did you get your car? Are you idiot?
I know where where'd your phone come from. I'll give you a hint and not America.
Yes. I know. Things have to get made dumb, dumb. It's it's you'd have to.
Engineer 'em it is really like it is. And I, I,
I agree with that a hundred percent.
They're using capitalism to fight capitalism. Yes.
They're using the internet and social media sites on cell phones that they
bought. Yes.
Yes. Of, I mean, without a doubt, I mean, here's the thing it's this is,
what's so weird about it. It's that it it's such a paradox. Right? I mean,
essentially is what you're describing. Yeah. So like,
if you want to affect change, you're either going to fit into the feedback loop.
You're gonna feed back into the feedback loop,
or you're gonna figure out a way to shift it so that you're able to spiral a
away from it. And that's really what we need.
And I like people taking responsibility for getting rid of the fuckwits that
are <laugh> that are like it up for everybody. Because guaranteed,
whether it's the police or whether it's protestors, it's always a very,
very small percentage of those people are going to it up because
also the news love sensationalism. So we're gonna focus.
On that. It's also, I think, well, this,
what we're we're dealing with right now is really the perfect storm. Okay.
You have a bunch of pieces in place. First of all,
there's a lot of people that never really recovered from the 2008 crisis, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, as people are very upset that the bankers and the, the,
these subprime mortgage loans and the housing crisis and everything went
chaotic, people lost, tons of money.
And then all of a sudden you have this pandemic and the pandemic comes along and
people cannot work. So for the first time ever through no fault of your own,
mm-hmm <affirmative>, you literally can't work for months and months at a time.
There's a staggering number of people right now that are in desperate states.
Yeah. They they're in a terrible position financially.
They're about to lose their home. They're about to lose their car.
They're about, they don't know what the they're gonna do to feed themselves.
Yep. And then you get this murder. Yep.
And the murder just lights, all this dry wood. Yep.
And then everybody says, look, these people are all full of.
Donald Trump's full of, Nancy Pelosi's full of. They're all monsters.
It's all bull Gavin. Newsom's full of. Let's burn it down.
Let steal let's smash.
And that's taking a part that's that's that's happening.
While these peaceful protests are ha happening. All the wow.
People just got done watching the joker. So the joker, yes.
I know which is this billion dollar movie where this guy kills
everybody and burns it to the ground, shoots people on TV.
And here's the problem. You kind of cheer for him. You kind of cheer for him.
Of course, if this is a movie and a bunch of people are like, look,
we're gonna end. This corrupt system of capitalism starts smashing windows,
burning things. Part of you would be going, Hmm, let's see how this turns out.
Yeah. How is this gonna turn out? This is kind of an interesting choice.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, wow, these guys are getting radical.
Do they have a plan? But then if the movie in the movie,
like if you saw these pallets of bricks,
just mysteriously appearing at these areas where people are scheduled a protest
and where these, uh, these marches are supposed to go by, you're like, Hey,
what is the is going on here?
Yeah. It's, it's, there's something else at play.
That's like trying to like push it over into that fantasy to move it from the
fantasy into the reality. And my.
Left wing friends think it's right- wing people.
Uh-huh <affirmative> that are Asian provocateurs that are trying to start this
sort of chaotic scene so that the military can be called in,
which is what essentially Trump apparently did today. Oh, yes. Yeah. Yeah.
Apparently. Jamie, what, what, why is everybody saying that it's martial law?
Is that something that happened after his speech? Well,
he was during his speech.
He was essentially saying that if they didn't call in the national guard yeah.
He was gonna call him. He was military. Yeah. Which is.
I don't think thats I' don't know if he can do that.
I don't think he can do that. That's.
That statement I think, is what they're taking as martial law. Yeah.
Or essentially yeah. Mm-hmm.
Which, which in a weird way, it goes against, I mean like you were, you,
you know, you're talking about left wing people saying like it's the right wing.
And I'm sure that there are right wing people that are like saying, oh,
it' the left wing, because want anti to make it? Yeah. They think it's Antifa.
So it's like all this finger pointing whoever's doing it is definitely winning
for their point of view because they're like, well, we're doing it.
No one knows who it is. And we're just doing it. Well, Asian.
Profacateurs have been used from the beginning of time. I mean,
they've always done that. Hitler burned the riceag.
He did that to incite the people of Germany to,
to get behind him and that he was going to take control of the situ Nero burned
Rome, same way. I mean,
it was all done in order to get people excited about this idea of this one
person saving them from this attack. And that, that has been done forever.
Yeah. Alex Jones had a great video called nine 11, the road de teriorate.
It was the first time I really understood that agent provocateurs or a
government strategy. And he detailed like very, this is like,
I guess it was like 2001 or 2002 that he put this video out and he detailed how
the world trade organ is when those people were protesting against the WTO.
Yeah. And this was in Seattle? Yeah, I was there. Oh, okay. So when you were,
this was, you were there in 2000. What? I.
Was there just before it, uh, it blew up, uh, it was, uh, I actually don't know.
It was 2000. It was early two thousands, early, two thousands, maybe 2000,
2001 or something.
So these people were protest testing against the WTO and then these guys dressed
exactly like that guy I was talking about earlier. Yeah.
All black face covered military issue, outfits, military issue,
Vibram sold shoes,
all dressed uniformly started smashing windows,
smashing cars, pushing over, uh, like, uh,
post office by boxes, lighting things on fire.
And then they wound up shutting down all the protests and even had,
they had a no protest zone where people were showing up at work where they had a
WTO stick or like a WTO pin with a red line through it.
They made them take that pin off of their jacket before they went through the
line because you couldn't have anything that was anythinginterest anyinterest
any sort of a protestinterest. Yeah, it was crazy.
Like this is all documented in this film. Then they,
they eventually all these guys who were the agent provocateurs hold up into
building and then the police negotiated with them and then released them.
So there was some sort of an order order from higher up and they were all
released.
Interesting. They used these.
Guys, they used military people,
some branch of the government who knows what the they were, who they were.
They used them to turn a peaceful protest about a,
a legitimate concern.
These people have about the doings of the world trade organization.
And they turned it into a,
a violent encounter that they could then justifiably bring in the police and
shut everything down.
Makes sense. That's.
What people are worried about with these bricks.
They're worried about these bricks, these bricks, this is horse that this is,
this is done to shut down the peaceful protests where people are
legitimately and righteously concerned about end police
brutality. Cuz it's been going on forever. It's been going on too long.
Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, I just, at this point it's like, I don't,
I don't put past any measure done by people that want to maintain their bottom
line. Like they'll do whatever it takes. And it's like, again, you know,
when it, when it comes to stuff like that, I, I wanna stay informed.
I wanna in turn those, I wanna keep those ideas in, in mind,
in the most simplistic way, which is if you've got a lot of,
you're gonna do whatever it takes to keep your right. And,
and you'll do all kinds of crazy to try to maintain power and control
and, and what, and vice versa.
And what really sucks is that if you did the opposite,
if you did what that sheriff did, you,
you actually get not only get what you want, but you get more. Yeah.
And,
and that's what I don't understand the virus of doing evil badly.
What I,
that's what I think of it as being very inefficient and terrible at being
selfish and greedy, if you were really selfish and if you were really grey,
greedy,
you would make sure that the wellbeing of your population was met so that there
was reverence for your position. And if there's reverence for your position,
then you have the good will of people and it's easier to make things happen.
However, boy, don't get that. That's 5d chess. <laugh> yeah, man. I mean,
I mean, come on. It's like I know, but even people don't think like that. Right.
I know they don't. They just want control and power.